yes so just want to demonstrate the
compared to where after a few action is
traced on the machine we can import
someone else's q action into the shop
and overlay them and see comparison for
parts and they're fine f for gamers five
okay
yeah so I've deliberately gone quickly
here so had a nice long chat Apple Idol
for coming that and accelerating very
quick
first of all that's not my normal tempo
i'm going to import
without their favorite ones so what we
can see here is my previous q action is
yellow
orange so my previous profile is
controlled max was demonstrating yeah so
I've let's spend plenty of time at few
will call back swing control backswing
gear change in the back according to
your own personal tempo it's a personal
thing Rubo and then a gradual
acceleration compared to the first the
shot that I played here which was very
short backswing very shocked transition
between back and delivery and you can
read of accelerations promise they don't
miss to do it you will it it but it's it
is shot it is even sharp on the shot if
I type here it is actually a bit sharp
and see a shard of looking action
alliance two were you start a few Indian
yes the delivery will not played smooth
I played the shot smoother initially
I found this Universal if a player plays
a short more smoothly they stabilize if
they stay more relaxed you tend to have
more follow through because you're not
pushing the brakes
so the shark shot that I played in the
beginning had a delivery of 143
millimeters the previous shot by faith
which is I'll show you what that looks
like its previous shot that I had stored
in the machine was more like this then
that's a yeah I'm more relaxed because
of that with my own personal tempo I
change gear and deliver when I'm ready
every person has a different tempo at
that point depending on their
personality and the delivery there was
280 meters so fifty percent more follow
through okay so let's stop the recording
and they can get on with more top secret
experiments now would you have